Covered the article "Ember Simple Auth Video" (#961)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-180.md

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING> Quickstart to authentication

---

<!--alex disable simple-->

> ## [1. Ember Simple Auth Video 📽](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSWN4_EbTPI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Ember Simple Auth Video 📽](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSWN4_EbTPI)
```

> Need a friendly, step by step guide to adding authentication to your Ember app? Look no further than the Ember Simple Auth [Quickstart video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSWN4_EbTPI) published by [Simplabs](https://simplabs.com/). Acting as a helpful introduction to authentication/authorization using this popular [Ember addon](https://ember-simple-auth.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Are you looking for a friendly, step by step guide to adding authentication to your Ember app? Look no further than the Ember Simple Auth [Quickstart video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSWN4_EbTPI) published by [Simplabs](https://simplabs.com/). Acting as a helpful introduction to authentication/authorization using this popular [Ember addon](https://ember-simple-auth.com/).
```

Reviewer 2: I was thinking that maybe you can give a bit more context about this video. For example, include that Marco is the one explaining it. And maybe if you found this yourself superhelpfull, maybe you can point towards what made it valuable for you :)

> Are you looking for a friendly, step by step guide to adding authentication to your Ember app? Look no further than the Ember Simple Auth [Quickstart video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSWN4_EbTPI) published by [Simplabs](https://simplabs.com/). This video provides helpful introduction to this popular authentication/authorization [Ember addon](https://ember-simple-auth.com/). [Marco](https://twitter.com/marcoow) explains this tricky part of app development using the latest Ember Octane syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Are you looking for a friendly, step by step guide to adding authentication to your Ember app? Look no further than the Ember Simple Auth [Quickstart video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSWN4_EbTPI) published by [Simplabs](https://simplabs.com/). This video provides helpful introduction to this popular authentication/authorization [Ember addon](https://ember-simple-auth.com/). [Marco Otte-Witte (@marcoow)](https://github.com/marcoow) explains this tricky part of app development using the latest Ember Octane syntax.
```
